I thought I could reach if I kept chasing
I’ve never even doubted
Even though I held you as I imagined
Even though I held you tight with two hands
In my arms only the emptiness remains
By wandering around
I finally realized
That I have to let go of you
(Oh) I’ve been deceiving myself
(Oh) The moment I wake up from the dream I’ve endured
(Oh) I feel the light flooding in
I wanna be myself (I don’t care)
Even if it’s still strange (Just don’t care)
As soon as I broke away from you, I can see myself
Everything, all before my eyes
Now I know (Now I know)
The one I needed has been me
I walk as my feet take me
I feel the light, I feel the light
I was constantly running to you
Then I realized
That my everything was towards you
The more I got close to you
The more I lost myself
Like the fallen leaves under the tree
Even if I eventually get stamped on in the snow
Now I rise above you looking for the spring
The remaining feelings are blown away by the wind
(Oh) The tunnel that locked me up in the dream
(Oh) The moment I get out of it
(Oh) I feel the light flooding in
I wanna be myself (I don’t care)
Even if it’s still strange  (Just don’t care)
As soon as I broke away from you, I can see myself
Everything, all before my eyes
Now I know (Now I know)
The one I needed has been me
I walk as my feet take me
I feel the light, I feel the light
I was afraid of letting go of you
But I had to let go of you
It’s all good now
I wanna be myself (I don’t care)
Even if it’s still strange (Just don’t care)
After breaking away from you I can see
Everything, all before my eyes